04_annotation_Across_Samples_exploration (#776)
AlexsLemonade/OpenScPCA-analysis: analyses/cell-type-wilms-tumor-06/notebook/README.md

In brief, we used `Azimuth` to transfer labels from the fetal kidney reference (Stewart et al.) 

- `03_clustering_exploration_{sample-id}.html` is the output of the [`03_clustering_exploration.Rmd`](../notebook_template/03_clustering_exploration.Rmd) notebook template.
In brief, we explore the clustering results, we look into some marker genes, pathways enrichment and label transfer.

## Global analysis

> At some step during the analysis, a global picture was required to interprete correctly the results and take the best decision for the next steps. 
> 
> - `04_annotation_Across_Samples_exploration.html` is the output of the [`04_annotation_Across_Samples_exploration.Rmd`](../notebook/04_annotation_Across_Samples_exploration.Rmd) notebook. 
> In brief, we explored the label transfer results across all samples in the Wilms tumor dataset SCPCP000006.

Reviewer: I'm suggesting a small text change here to add a bit more context about why we are exploring these results:

```suggestion
The next step in analysis is to identify tumor vs. normal cells.

- `04_annotation_Across_Samples_exploration.html` is the output of the [`04_annotation_Across_Samples_exploration.Rmd`](../notebook/04_annotation_Across_Samples_exploration.Rmd) notebook. 
In brief, we explored the label transfer results across all samples in the Wilms tumor dataset SCPCP000006 in order to identify a few samples that we can begin next analysis steps with.
```
